Let's get started by creating the springboard application.
So open spring Brazil, click on the file new spring starter project.
You, the project mean, say, for example, spring water here I am going to use Apache Marvin with
delivers in eight.
This is the group an artifact?
OK.
And this is the package inside which we are going to have the main glass for us being good application.
Click on the next.
As of now, when I'm recording this lecture, the latest was an upstanding Buddhist 2.6, not three.
OK, so this was an ideal use for this being would now to understand us being that AGP, we are going
to develop these debates, so we need to add a couple of dependencies, OK?
So the very first is spring that because we are going to have that is be OK.
Spinning web and obviously splendid idea because that's what we are going to see.
And now we have Michael database, right?
So, Adam, bicycle driver.
So as of now, we require three dependencies spring that spring did AGP and my sequel that I would click
on the next and finish.
Here is our springboard obligation.
And this is the main glass over Springwood application.
As we are going to develop, that is.
So let's say, a controller in service packages, OK, so let's say two separate brigades for controller
live.
Had the new package.
Controller and another package for service layer.
That is service.
Let's create does one controller.
New class student controller.
Marty's with Ed Forrest controller.
This one and Howdo request mapping.
Slurs student.
OK, as of now, just one controller is empty, livid blank like this one in the upcoming lectures,
we will adopt the iPads now let the dust dancers.
So this is the new class student service.
Mark, this with a service annotation.
Well, now this will also be blank in the upcoming lectures, we will let the court order here, OK,
so from controller to we will call to service.
So now we need to add this to pick this OK as components again, then only it will work great with our
spring wood application.
So you know what it means glass components again, and we need to add these two packages like this.
This is the first one.
And another one is service copy this.
Don't make any mistake, OK?
So I do understand the being at a GPA in the upcoming lectures will develop couple of de beers using
this one controller, so know basic structure of always being good.
Application is ready and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.